fix(subscription): force the deduplication to be enabled by default as it's documented (#3773)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_subscription_default_configuration.md

### fix(subscription): force the deduplication to be enabled by default as it's documented ([PR #3773](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3773))

> `subscription.enable_deduplication` was documented to be `true` by default but it wasn't really the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bug was introduced in router v1.25.0 which caused `enable_deduplication` to be disabled by default.
As documented, the router will enable deduplication by default, providing you with subscriptions that scale.

Should you decide to disable it, you can still explicitly set `enable_deduplication` to `false`.
```
